kNN and Pairwise Distances docs update (#1684)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/onedal/algorithms/nearest-neighbors/knn-classification.rst

#. Identify the set :math:`N(x_j') \subseteq X` of the :math:`k` feature vectors
   in the training set that are nearest to :math:`x_j'` with respect to the

>    Euclidean distance chosen by default. Used distance can be customised with
>    predefined set of pairwise distances: Minkowski distances with fractional
>    degree(including Euclidean distance) and Chebyshev distance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Euclidean distance, which is chosen by default. The distance can be customized with
   the predefined set of pairwise distances: Minkowski distances with fractional
   degree (including Euclidean distance) and Chebyshev distance.
```

degree  or degree**s**?

Reviewer 2: Need reference for Minkowski distances and Chebyshev distance

Author: applied, please check
